YouTube,
YouTube.
Groch.
I mask.
Fore
X.
Jorech.
for
Apple intelligence.
Intelligence
open.
Open.
foreign.
In a world where knowledge shapes
destiny, one creation dares to redefine
the future. From the minds at XAI,
prepare for Gro 4. This summer, the next
generation arrives faster, smarter,
bolder. It sees beyond the horizon,
answers the unasked, and challenges the
impossible. Gro 4, unleash the truth.
Coming this summer. All right, welcome
to the Gro 4 release here. Um, this is,
uh, the smartest AI in the world. We're
going to show you exactly how and why.
Um and uh it really is
remarkable to see the advancement of
artificial intelligence how quickly it
is uh evolving. Um
I I sometimes think compare it to the
growth of
a human and how fast a human learns and
gains conscious awareness and
understanding. And AI is advancing
just vastly faster than any human. Um
I mean we're going to take you through a
bunch of benchmarks that um that Grock 4
is able to uh achieve incredible numbers
on. Um, but it's it's it's actually
worth noting that like Grock 4 if if
given like the SAT would get perfect
SATs every time even if it's never seen
the uh the questions before um and if
even going beyond that to say like uh
graduate student exams like the GRE uh
it will get near-perfect results in in
every discipline of uh of education. So
from the humanities to like languages,
math, physics, engineering, pick
anything. And we're talking about
questions that it's never seen before.
These are not not on the internet. And
it's Grofor is smarter than
almost all graduate students uh in all
disciplines simultaneously.
Like it's actually just important to
appreciate the like that's uh really
something. Um
and uh the the reasoning capabilities of
Grock are incredible. Um so there's some
people out there who who think AI can't
reason and look it it can reason at
superhuman levels. Um so yeah, and
frankly it it only gets better from
here. So we'll we'll take you through uh
the Gro 4 release and uh
yeah um show you like the pace of pace
of progress here. Um like I guess the
first part is like in terms of the
training um we're going from Grock 2 to
Grock 3 uh to Grock 4. We've essentially
increased the training by an order of
magnitude in each case. So it's uh you
know 100 times more training than than
Grock 2. Um and uh and that that's only
going to increase. Um so it's uh yeah
frankly I mean I don't know in some ways
a little terrifying but uh the growth of
intelligence here is is remarkable.
Yes, it's important to realize there are
two types of training compute. One is
the pre-training compute that's from GR
two to GR three. Um but for from gu
three to guar 4 we're actually putting a
lot of compute in reasoning in RL.
Yeah. And uh just like you said this is
literally the fastest moving field and
GR 2 is like the high school student by
today's standard. If you look back in
the last 12 months Grock 2 was only a
concept. We didn't even have Grock 2 12
months ago. Um and then by training
Grock 2 that was the first time we scale
up like the pre-training. We realized
that if you actually do the data
oblation really carefully and infra and
also the algorithm we can actually push
the pre-training quite a lot by amount
of 10x to make the model the best
pre-trained based model and that's why
we built Colossus the world's
supercomput with 100,000 H100
and then with the best pre-trained model
and we realized if you can collect these
verifiable outcome reward you can
actually train this model to start
thinking from the first principle to
reason correct his own mistakes and
that's where the gra reasoning comes
from and today we ask the question what
happens if you take the expansion of
classes with all 200,000 GPUs put all
these into RL 10x more compute than any
of the models out there on reinforcement
learning unprecedented scale what's
going to happen so this is a story of
gro 4 and uh you know Tony uh share some
insight with audience Yeah. Um so yeah
let's just talk about how smart graph 4
is. So I guess um we can start
discussing this benchmark called
humanities last exam. And this this
benchmark is a very very challenging
benchmark. Every single problem is
curated by subject matter experts. Um
it's in total 2500 problems and it
consists of many different subjects
mathematics natural sciences uh
engineering and also auto humanity
subjects. So um essentially when when it
was first released actually like earlier
this year uh most of the models out
there can only get singledigit accuracy
on this benchmark.
Yeah. So we can we can look at some of
th those examples. um you know uh so
there there is this mathematical problem
which is about natural transformations
in category theory and there's this
organic chemistry problem that talks
about uh electro uh cyclic reactions and
also there's this linguistic problem
that tries to ask you about
distinguishing between closed and open
syllabus uh from a hub Hebrew source
text. So you can see also it's a very
wide range of problems and every single
problem is PhD or even advanced research
level problems.
Yeah. I mean the these there are no
humans that can actually answer these
can get a good score. I mean if you
actually say like any given human um
what like what's the best that any human
could score? I mean I'd say maybe 5%
optimistically.
Yeah. Yeah.
Um, so this this is much harder than
than what any any human can do. It's
it's incredibly difficult and you can
see from the types of questions like you
might be incredible in linguistics or
mathematics or chemistry or physics or
anyone of a number of subjects, but
you're not going to be um at a postgrad
level in everything. And Grock 4 is a
postgrad level in everything. Like it's
it's just some of these things are just
worth repeating. like Grock 4 is
postgraduate like PhD level in
everything better than PhD but like most
PhDs would fail so it's better than said
I mean at least with respect to academic
questions it I want to just emphasize
this point with respect to academic
questions Grock 4 is better than PhD
level in every subject no exceptions
um now this doesn't mean that it's it
you know times it may lack common sense
and it has not yet invented new
technologies or discovered new physics
but that is just a matter of time.
Um if it I I I think it may discover new
technologies
uh as soon as later this year. Um and I
I would be shocked if it has not done so
next year. So I would expect Grock to
yeah literally discover new new
technologies that are actually useful no
later than next year and maybe end of
this year. Um, and it might discover new
physics next year and within two years
I'd say almost certainly
like so just let that sink in.
Yeah.
So yeah um how Okay. So I guess we can
talk about the the what what's behind
the scene of graph 4. As Jimmy
mentioned, uh, we actually throwing a
lot of compute into this training. You
know, when it started, it's only also a
single digit. Sorry. Um, the previous
slide, sorry. Yeah, it's only a single
digit u number, but as you start putting
in more and more training compute, it
started to gradually become smarter and
smarter and eventually solved a quarter
of the HL problems. And this is without
any tools. The next thing we did was to
adding a tools capabilities to the
model. And unlike GR 3, I think G3
actually is able to use C as well. But
here we actually make it more native in
a sense that we put the tools into
training. Uh G3 was only relying on
generalization. Here we actually put the
tools into training. And it turns out
this significantly improves the model's
capability of using those tools.
Yeah, I remember we had like a deep
search back in the days.
So how is this different?
Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly. So deep search was
exactly the graph three reasoning model
uh but without any specific training but
we only asked it to use those tools. So
compared to this it was much weaker in
terms of its tool capabilities
and unreliable. Yeah.
And unreliable. Yes. Yes. And and to be
clear like these are still I'd say
fairly this is still fairly primitive
tool use. If you compare it to say the
tools that are used at Tesla or SpaceX
uh where you're using um you know finite
element analysis and computational flow
dynamics and and you're you're able to
run uh or say like Tesla does like crash
simulations where the simulations are so
close to reality that if the test
doesn't match the simulation you assume
that the test article is wrong. That's
how good the simulations are. So, Grock
is not currently using uh any of the
tools that the the really powerful tools
that a company would use, but but that
is something that we will provide it
with later this year. So, we'll have the
tools that that a company has um and and
have very accurate physics simulator. Um
ultimately, the the thing that will make
the biggest difference is being able to
interact with the real world via
humanoid robots. So you combine sort of
Grock with with Optimus and it can
actually interact with the real world
and figure out if if it's hypo if it has
if it's it can formulate an hypothesis
and then confirm if that hypothesis is
is true or not. Um
so we're really you know think about
like where we are today. We're we're at
the beginning of an immense intelligence
explosion. We're in we're in the
intelligence big bang right now. Um,
and the mo we're at the most interesting
time to be alive of any time in history.
Yeah. Now that said, we need to make
sure that the AI is um a good AI.
Uh, good Grock. Um, and the the thing
that I think is most important for AI
safety, at least my biological neural
net tells me the most important thing
for AI is to be maximally truth seeking.
So this is this is a very fundamental um
like you can think of AI as this super
genius child that ultimately will
outsmart you but you can still in you
can instill the right values um and
encourage it to be sort of you know
uh truthful
uh
I don't know honorable you know good
good things like uh
the values you want to instill in in a
child that that that grow would grow
ultimately grow up to be incredibly
powerful.
Um
yeah.
Mhm. So yeah, so these this is really I
say we're say we say tools these are say
still primitive tools not the kind of
tools that um that serious commercial
companies use but we we will provide it
with those tools and uh I think it will
be able to solve with those tools real
world technology problems in fact I'm
I'm certain of it. It's just a question
of how long it takes.
Yes. Yes. Exactly. Um,
so is it just compute all you need,
Tony?
Sorry.
Is it just compute all you need at this
point?
Well, you you need compute plus plus uh
the right tools.
Mhm.
And um and then ultimately to be able to
interact with the physical world.
Yes. Um, and then
I mean we'll effectively have an economy
that is
well ultimately an economy that is
thousands of times bigger than our
current economy or maybe millions of
times.
Mhm. I mean if you if you think of
civilization as percentage completion of
the kartev scale where kadeshv one is
using all the energy output of a planet
and cartv 2 is using all the energy
output of a sun and three is all the
energy output of a galaxy. We're we're
only in my opinion probably like close
closer to 1% of cartesev one um than we
are to 10%. So like maybe a point or one
one or two percent of kadeshv one. So
um we we will get to
um most of the way like 80 90% cautious
of one and then hopefully if
civilization doesn't
self annihilate and then kadeshv 2 like
it's the the actual notion of of a human
economy assuming civilization continues
to progress will seem very quaint. Um,
in in retrospect,
um, it will it will seem like, uh,
sort of cavemen throwing sticks into a
fire, uh, level of economy,
um, compared to what the future will
hold.
Um, I mean, it's very exciting. I mean,
I I've been at times kind of worried
about like, well,
you know, is this this this seems like
it's it's somewhat unnerving to have
intelligence created that is far greater
than our own.
Um, and will this be bad or good for
humanity? Um,
it's like I I I think it'll be good.
Most likely it'll be good. Um,
yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. But I somewhat reconciled myself
to the fact that even if I if even if it
wasn't going to be good, I'd at least
like to be alive to see it happen.
So, yeah.
So, actually one one Yeah. Yeah. I think
one one technical problem that we still
need to solve besides just compute is
how do we unblock the data uh data um
bottleneck u because um when we try to
scale up the RL uh in this case we did
invent a lot of new techniques
innovations to allow us to figure out
how to find a lot of a lot of
challenging RL problems to work on. It's
not just the problem itself needs to be
challenging but also it needs to be um
you also need to have like a reliable uh
signal to tell the model you did it
wrong you did it right. This is the sort
of the principle of reinforcement
learning and as the models get smarter
and smarter the number of cool problem
or challenging problems will be lesser
and less.
Yeah.
So it's going to be a new type of
challenge that we need to surpass
besides just compute. Yeah.
Yeah. And we actually are running out of
of actual test questions to ask. Uh so
there's like even ridiculously questions
that are ridiculously hard if not
essentially impossible for humans that
are written down questions um are uh
becoming swiftly becoming trivial for
for AI.
Um so then there's
um but you know the the one thing that
is an excellent judge of things is
reality. So because physics is the law
ultimately everything else is a
recommendation. You can't break physics.
Um so the ultimate test I think for
whether an AI is um the the ultimate
reasoning test is reality.
Yes.
So you invent a new technology like say
improve the design of a car or a rocket
or um create a new medication
uh that and and and does it work?
Yeah.
Um does does the rocket get to orbit?
Does the does the car drive? Does the
medicine work? Whatever the case may be.
Um, reality is the ultimate judge here.
Um, so it's it's going to be
reinforcement learning, closing the loop
around reality.
We asked the question, how do we even go
further? So, um, actually we are
thinking about now with single agent, we
are able to solve 40% of a problem.
What if we have multiple agents running
at the same time? So this is what's
called test and compute. And as we scale
up the test and compute actually we are
able to solve almost more than 50% of
the uh text only subset of the H
problems. So it's a remarkable
achievement I think. Yeah.
Yeah. This is this is this is insanely
difficult. the these are it's it's so
what we're saying is like a majority of
the of the of the textbased um of
humanities you know scarily named
humanities last exam um GR 4 can solve
and you and you can try it out for
yourself um and the with the GR for
heavy what what it does is it spawns
multiple agents in parallel and all of
those agents do do work independently
and then they compare their work and
they they decide which one like It's
like a study group. Um, and it's not as
simple as a majority vote because often
only one of the agents actually figures
out the trick or figures out the
solution. Um, and and and but once they
share the the trick or or or figure out
what what the real nature of the problem
is, they share that uh solution with the
other agents and then they compare they
essentially compare notes and then and
and then yield yield an answer. Yeah.
So that's that's the the heavy part of
gro is is where we you scale up the test
time compute by roughly an order of
magnitude have multiple agents uh tackle
the task and then they compare their
work and they they put forward what they
think is the best result.
Yeah. So we will introduce graph 4 and
graph for happy. Sorry can you click the
next slide? Yeah.
Yes. So yeah, so basically graph 4 is a
single version a single agent version
and graph for heavy is the multi- aent
version.
So let's take a look how they actually
do on those exam problems and also some
real real life problems.
Yeah. So we're going to start out here
and we're actually going to look at one
of those HLE problems. This is uh
actually one of the easier math ones. Uh
I don't really understand it very well.
I'm not that smart. But I can launch
this job here and we can actually see
how it's going to go through and start
to think about this problem. Uh while
we're doing that, I also want to show a
little bit more about like what this
model can do and launch a uh Gro 4 heavy
as well. So everyone knows Poly Market.
Um it's extremely interesting. It's the
you know seeker of truth. It aligns with
what reality is most of the time. And
with Grock, what we're actually looking
at is being able to see how we can try
to take these markets and see if we can
predict the the future as well. So, as
we're letting this run, we'll see how uh
Grock 4 Heavy goes about uh predicting
the, you know, the World Series odds for
like the current teams in the MLB. And
while we're waiting for these to
process, we're going to pass it over to
Eric and he's going to show you an
example of his.
Yeah. So, uh I guess one of the coolest
things about uh Gro 4 is its ability to
understand the world and to solve hard
problems by leveraging tools like Tony
discussed. And I think one kind of cool
example of this, we asked it to generate
a visualization of two black holes
colliding. Um and of course, you know,
it took some there are some liberties.
It's in my case actually pretty clear in
its thinking trace about what these
liberties are. Uh for example, in order
for it to actually be visible, you need
to really exaggerate the the scale of
the you know the uh the uh the waves.
And yeah, so here's like you know this
kind of in action. Um it exaggerates the
scale in like multiple ways. Uh it drops
off a bit less in terms of amplitude. um
over distance and uh but yeah we can
kind of see uh the basic effects that
you know are actually like you know
correct. It starts with the inspiral, it
merges uh and then you have um the ring
down and like this is basically um
largely correct um yeah uh modulo some
of the simplifications that need to do
um you know it it's actually quite
explicit about this you know it uses
like post post Newtonian approximations
instead of actually like computing the
general relativistic effects at like uh
near the center of the black hole which
is you know incorrect um and you know
will lead to you know some incorrect
results but the overall you know
visualization is uh yeah is basically
there um and you can actually look at
the kinds of resources that it
references. So here it um it actually
you know it obviously uses search it
gathers results from a bunch of links
but also reads through a undergraduate
text in analytical analytic
gravitational wave models. Uh it um yeah
it um reasons quite a bit about uh uh
the actual constants that it should use
for a realistic simulation. uh it
references uh I guess existing real
world data. Um and yeah I it yeah it's a
it's a pretty good model.
Yeah.
But like actually going forward we can
we can we can plug we can give it the
same model that physicists use. So it it
can run the the same level of compute
that uh so leading physics researchers
are using and and give you a physics
accurate black hole simulation.
Exactly.
just right now is running in your
browser. So
yeah, this is just running in your
browser.
Yeah, exactly.
Pretty simple.
So swapping back real quick here, we can
actually take a look. The math problem
is finished. Uh the model was able to uh
let's look at its thinking trace here.
So you can see how it went through the
problem. I'll be honest with you guys, I
really don't quite fully understand the
math, but what I do know is that I
looked at the answer ahead of time um
and it did come to the the correct
answer here in the final part here. Um,
we can also come in and actually take a
look here at our uh our World Series
prediction. Um, and it's still thinking
through on this one, but we can actually
try some other stuff as well. So, we can
actually like try some of the X
integrations that we did. So, we worked
very heavily on working with uh all of
our X tools and building out a really
great X experience. So, we can actually
ask, you know, the model, you know, find
me the XAI employee that has the
weirdest profile photo. Um, so that's
going to go off and start that. And then
we can actually try out you know let's
uh create a timeline based on xost uh
detailing the you know changes in the
scores over time and we can see you know
all the conversation that was taking
place at that time as well. So we can
see who were the you know announcing
scores and like what was the reactions
at those times as well. Um so we'll let
that go through here and process. And if
we go back to uh uh this was the uh Greg
Yang photo here. So, uh, if we scroll
through here, whoops. So, Greg Yang, of
course, who has his favorite, uh,
photograph that he has on his account.
Um, that's actually not how he looks
like in real life, by the way. Um, just
aware, but is quite funny.
But it had to understand that question.
Yeah.
Which is that that's the wild part. It's
like it understands what is a weird
photo.
What is a weird photo?
Yeah.
What is a less or more weird photo?
It goes through it has to find all the
team members. It has to figure out who
we all are, right? you know, searches
without access to the internal XAI
personnel logs. It's literally looking
at the just at the internet.
Exactly.
So, you could say like the weirdest of
any company.
Yeah.
To be clear.
Exactly. And uh we can also take a look
here at the uh question here for the
humanities last exam. So, it is still
researching all of the historical
scores. Um but it will have that final
answer here soon. But we can while it's
finishing up, we can take a look at one
of the ones that we set up here a second
ago. And we can see like you know it
defines the date that like Dan Hendricks
initially announced it. We can go
through we can see you know uh OpenAI
announcing their score back in uh
February. And we can see you know as
progress happens with like Gemini. We
can see like Kimmy uh and we can also
even see you know the leaked benchmarks
of uh what people are saying is you know
if it's right it's going to be pretty
impressive. So pretty cool. Um so yeah
I'm looking forward to seeing how
everybody uses these tools and gets the
most value out of them. Um but uh yeah,
it's been great.
Yeah. And we're going to close the loop
around usefulness as well. So it's like
it's not just books smart, but actually
practically smart.
Exactly.
And we can go back to the uh the slides
here. Yeah. So
cool. Um so the so we actually evaluate
also on the multimodel subset. So on the
full set uh this is the number on the h
exam. Uh it you can see there's a little
dip on the numbers. Uh this is actually
something we're improving on which is
the multimodel uh understanding
capabilities. But I do believe uh in a
very short time we're able to really
improve and got much higher numbers on
this um even higher numbers on this
benchmark. Yeah.
Yeah. This is the we we still like what
what is the biggest weakness of Grock
currently is that it's it's sort of
partially blind. It can't it's it's
image understanding um obviously in its
image generation uh needs to be a lot
better. Um and that um that that's
actually
um being trained right now. So um Grog 4
is based on version six of our
foundation model um and we are training
version seven uh which we'll complete in
a few weeks. Um and uh that that'll
address the weakness on the vision side.
And just to show off this last here. So
the the prediction market finished uh
here with a heavy and we can see uh here
we can see all the tools and the process
it used to actually uh go through and
find the right answer. So it browsed a
lot of odds sites. It calculated its own
odds comparing to the market the market
to find its own alpha and edge. It walks
you through the entire process here and
it calculates the odds of the winner
being like the the Dodgers uh and it
gives them a 21.6% 6% chance of uh
winning uh this year. So, and it took
approx approximately four and a half
minutes to compute.
Yeah, that's a lot of thinking.
Yeah,
we can also look at all the uh the other
benchmarks besides HE. Um as it turned
out, Graph 4 excelled on all the
reasoning benchmarks that people usually
test on. um including GBQA which is a
PhD level uh problem sets uh that's
easier compared to HRE um on AME 25
America invitation mathematics exam we
with graph for heavy we actually got a
perfect score um also on some of the
coding benchmark called live coding
bunch um and also on uh hmmt hover math
uh MIT exam and also USMO uh you See
actually um for on all of those
benchmarks we often have a very large
leap against the second best uh model
out there.
Yeah, it's I mean really we're going to
get to the point where uh it's going to
get every answer right in every exam. Um
and where it doesn't get an answer
right, it's going to tell you what's
wrong with the question. or if the
question is ambiguous, disambiguate the
question into answers A, B, and C and
tell you what it would what answers A, B
and C would be with a disambiguated
question. Um, so the only real test then
will be reality. Uh, can I make useful
technologies, discover um new science?
That'll actually be the the only thing
left because human tests will simply not
be um meaningful.
Yeah, need to make an update to HRE very
soon given the current rate of progress.
So yeah, it's super cool to see like
multiple agents that collaborate with
each other solving really challenging
problems. Uh so we're going try this
model. Uh so it turned out it's
available right now. Uh if we advance to
the next slide uh where there is a super
Grock heavy tiers that we're introducing
where you're able to access to both
Grock 4 and Gro 4 heavy uh where you're
actually going to be the taskmaster of
bunch of little Grock research agent to
help you you know become smarter do all
the little research and save hours of
times of uh you know going through
mundane tasks uh and it's available
right now. Uh so yeah so uh we we did
limit usage during the the demo so we
didn't it didn't break the demo because
all these this all this stuff is
happening live so it's not there's no
nothing canned about the any of the
tests that we're doing. Um so uh after
the after the uh demo is done we'll
we'll allow we'll enable more
subscribers for super grock. So if you
can't subscribe right now just try in
half an hour. It should work. Um, so,
uh, and now let's let's get into voice.
Great.
So, many of you have been enjoying our
voice mode and we've been working hard
to improve the experience over the past
couple months. Um, we have cut latency
in half to make it much snappier. And
today, we're excited to announce a set
of new voices that have exceptional
naturalenness and procity. You might
have noticed the movie trailer voice
that opened up the live stream. That is
one of our voices, S, who's got that
epically deep tone. And we're also
excited to introduce Eve, a beautiful
British voice who's capable of rich
emotions. Aman, would you like to
introduce Eve?
Absolutely. Yeah. Let's get into the
demo.
Hey, Eve. Millions of people are
watching us right now. Are you excited?
Oh, I'm thrilled. Really, it's like
being on stage at the Old Vic with a sea
of faces out there. Just imagine all
those eyes and ears tuned in. It's a
proper buzz, isn't it? What do you
reckon we should chat about to keep this
lot entertained?
You know, we have a lot to talk about,
but I'll be honest. I'm feeling a little
nervous. Can you whisper something
soothing to calm me down?
Take a deep breath, love. You've got
this. It's just you and me having a
quiet chat like we're tucked away in a
cozy corner of a Yorkshire pub. The
world's just a murmur out there. Feel
that calm wash over you. Let's keep
talking nice and easy. What's on your
mind?
You know what? I'm actually feeling
quite relaxed to try this um something
crazy. So, can you give us an opera on
Diet Coke?
Oh, an opera on Diet Coke. That's a
riot. Picture this. A shimmering silver
cannon glistening under stage lights.
Oh, Diet Coke, thou elixir divine with
bubbles that dance in a sparkling line.
Thy crisp cool kiss on lips so fine. Oh,
aspartame
and bro forever mine.
How's that for a mad little area?
Want me to belt out another verse or
switch up the tune?
Okay, let's try switching it up and just
start singing.
Right, then let's have a go. Oh, silver
can, you gleam in the light. Diet Coke,
my heart's delight.
Okay, I'll throw it. It's very, very
poetic. Um, yeah. Thank you, Eve.
Feeling quite nice now.
Cool. Um, so that's Eve. And, um, so
something else we do here is is a little
test each day to check on the natural
flow of our conversations against some
of our competitors. So, we figured why
not try that live on the stream today.
Should I start?
Hey, I'm going to say a number. And can
you say the same number back to me? One.
One. Got it. This is like a fun little
game of echo. What's next?
Two.
Sorry, you said two.
Three.
Four. Nice and steady. What's next?
Um. Uh. Five.
Five. Nailed it. This is pretty fun
actually. Feel free to keep going or
switch it up if you'd like.
Hey, Grock.
Hello there. How can I help you today?
We're going to do a little test. Can you
repeat after me? One.
One. All right. What's next?
Two.
Two. What's on your mind?
Three.
Three. Need anything else?
Four.
Four. How can I assist you?
Five.
Five. What's next?
So, as you can see, um, Groc was, uh,
snappier. It didn't interrupt me. And
the procity is we made different design
choices. I think we shooting for
something more calm, smooth, more
natural versus something that's more
poppy or artificial. So, we'll keep
improving on these fronts. All right.
Thanks, guys. Yeah.
Yep. So since the launch of the voice
model, uh we actually see the 2x faster
end to end latency uh in the last 80
weeks, five different voices and also
10x the active user. So Gro voice is
taking off. Now um if you think about
releasing the models this time, we're
also releasing Gro 4 through the API at
the same time. So if we go to the next
two slides. So uh you know we're very
excited about you know what all
developers out there is going to build.
So you know if I think about myself as a
developer what the first thing I'm going
to do when I actually have access to the
GRO 4 API benchmarks. So we actually ask
around on the Xplatform what is the most
challenging benchmarks out there that
you know is considered the holy grail
for all the AGI models. Uh so turn out
AJI is in the name RK AGI. So uh the
last 12 hours uh you know kudos to Greg
over here in the audience uh so who
answered our call take a preview of the
Gro for API and independently verified
you know the Gro for's performance. So
initially we thought hey graph is just
you know we think it's pretty good it's
pretty smart uh it's our nextg reasoning
model spend 10x more compute it can use
all the tools right but turned out when
we actually verify on the private subset
of the RKGI v2 it was like the only
model in the last three months that
breaks the 10% barrier and in fact was
so good that actually get 16% well 15.8%
8% uh accuracy 2x of the second place
that is the cloud for opus model um and
it's not just about performance right
when you think about intelligence having
the API model drives your automation
it's also the intelligence per dollar
right if you look at the plots over here
the gro is just four just in the league
of its own um all right so enough of
benchmarks uh over here right so what
can gro do actually uh in the real world
So uh we actually uh you know contacted
the folks from uh Endon Labs uh who you
know were you know gracious enough to
you know try to grow in the real world
to run a business.
Yeah, thanks for having us. So I'm Axel
from Am Labs
and I'm Lucas and we tested Gro 4 on
vending bench. Vending Bench is an AI
simulation of a business scenario uh
where we thought what is the most simple
business an AI could possibly run and we
thought vending machines. Uh so in this
scenario the the Grock and other models
need to do stuff like uh manage
inventory, contract, contact suppliers,
set prices. All of these things are
super easy and all of they like all the
models can do them one by one. But when
you do them over very long horizons,
most models struggle. Uh, but we have a
leaderboard and there's a new number
one.
Yeah. So, we got early access to the Gro
4 API. Uh, we ran it on the bending
bench and we saw some really impressive
results. So, it ranks definitely at the
number one spot. It's even double the
net worth, which is the measure that we
have on this value. So, it's not about a
percentage on a uh or a score you get,
but it's more the dollar value in net
worth that you generate. So we were
impressed by Grock. It was able to
formulate a strategy and adhere to that
strategy over a long period of time much
longer than other models that we have
tested other frontier models. So it
managed to run the uh simulation for
double the time and score yeah double
the net worth and it was also really
consistent uh across these runs which is
something that's really important when
you want to use this in the real world
and I think as we give more and more
power to AI systems in the real world
it's important that we test them in
scenarios that either mimic the real
world or are in the real world itself.
Um because otherwise we we fly blind
into some uh some things that uh that
might not be great.
Yeah, it's uh it's great to see that
we've now got a way to pay for all those
GPUs. So we just need a million vending
machines.
Definitely.
Um and uh we could make uh $4.7 billion
a year with a million vending machines.
100%. Let's go.
They're going to be epic vending
machines.
Yes. Yes.
All right. We are actually going to
install vending machines here. Uh like a
lot of them.
We're happy to supply them.
All right. Thank you.
All right. I'm looking forward to seeing
what amazing things are in the spinning
machine.
That's that's for uh for you to decide.
All right.
Tell the AI.
Okay. Sounds good. Um All right. Yeah. I
mean, so we can see like Grock is able
to become like the co-pilot of uh the
business unit. So what else can Grock
do? So we're actually releasing this
Grock if you want to try it uh right now
to evaluate run the same benchmark as
us. Uh it's on the API. um has 256k
contact length. So we already actually
see some of the early early adopters to
try guac for API. So uh our polo
neighbor ARC Institute which is a
leading uh biomedical research uh center
is already using seeing like how can
they automate their research flows with
gro. uh it turned out it performs it's
able to help the scientists to sniff
through you know millions of experiments
logs and then you know just like pick
the best hypothesis within a split of
seconds. Uh we see this is being used
for their like the crisper uh research
and also uh you know rock for
independently evaluated scores as the
best model to exam the chest x-ray. uh
who would know um and uh uh on in the
financial sector we also see you know
the graph for with access to all the
tools real time information is actually
one of the most popular AIs out there so
uh you know our graph is also going to
be available on the hyperscalers so the
XAI enterprise sector is only you know
started two months ago and we're open
for business
um
yeah so u the other thing uh we talked a
lot about you having Grock to make
games, video games. Uh so Denny is
actually a video game designers on X. So
uh you know we mentioned hey who want to
try out some uh uh Gro for uh preview
APIs uh to make games and Danny answered
the call. Uh so this was actually just
made first person shooting game in a
span of four hours. Uh so uh some of the
actually the unappreciated hardest
problem of making video games is not
necessarily encoding the core logic of
the game but actually go out source all
the assets all the textures of files and
and uh you know to create a visually
appealing game. So one of the core
aspect rock does really well with all
the tools out there is actually able to
automate these like asset sourcing
capabilities. So the developers you can
just focus on the core development
itself rather than like you know so now
you can run a you know entire game
studios with game of one but with like
one person and then you can have gro 4
to go out and source all those slot
assets do all the maintaining tasks for
you.
Yeah the now the next step obviously is
for gro to uh play be able to play the
games. So it has to have very good video
understanding so it can play the games
and interact with the games and actually
assess what whether a game is fun and
and and actually have good judgment for
whether a game is fun or not. Um so with
the with version seven of our foundation
model which finishes training this month
and then we'll go through post training
RL and whatnot. Um that that will have
excellent video understanding. Um, and
with the with the video understanding
and the and improved tool use, for
example, for for video games, you'd want
to use, you know, Unreal Engine or Unity
or one of the one of the the main
graphics engines, um, and then generate
the generate the art, uh, apply it to a
3D model, uh, and then create an
executable that someone can run on a PC
or or a console or or a phone. um like
we we expect that to happen probably
this year. Um and if not this year,
certainly next year. U so that's uh it's
going to be wild. I would expect the
first really good AI video game to be
next year.
Um,
and probably the first uh
half hour of watchable
TV this year and probably the first
watchable AI movie next year. Like
things are really moving at an
incredible pace.
Yeah. When Gro is 10xing world economy
with vending machines, it will just
create video games for human.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it went from not
being able to do any of this uh really
even 6 months ago
to to what you're seeing before you here
and and from from very primitive a year
ago uh to making
a a sort of a 3D video game with with a
few hours of prompting.
Yep. I mean yeah just to recap so in
today's live stream we introduced the
most powerful most intelligent AI models
out there that can actually reason from
the first principle using all the tools
do all the research go on the journey
for 10 minutes come back with the the
most correct answer for you. Um, so it's
kind of crazy to think about just like
four months ago we had Gro 3 and now we
already have Gro 4 and we're going to
continue accelerate as a company XAI
we're going to be the fastest moving a
AGI companies out there. So what's
coming next is that we're going to you
know continue developing the model
that's not just you know intelligent,
smart, think for really long time spend
a lot of compute but having a model that
actually both fast and smart is going to
be the core focus right. So if you think
about what are the applications out
there that can really benefit from all
those very intelligent fast and smart
models and coding is actually one of
them. Yeah. So the team is currently
working very heavily on coding models.
Um I think uh right now the main focus
is we actually trained recently a
specialized coding model which is going
to be both fast and smart. Um and I
believe we can share with that model
with you guys with all of you uh in a
few weeks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's very
exciting. And uh you know the second
after coding is we all see the weakness
of Gro 4 is uh the multimodal
capability. So in fact uh it was so bad
that you know Gro effectively just like
looking at the world squinting through
the glass and like see all the blurry uh
you know features and trying to make
sense of it. Uh the most immediate
improvement we're going to see with the
next generation pre-trained model is
that we're going to see a step function
improvement on the model's capability in
terms of the image understanding, video
understanding and audios, right? It's
now the model is able to hear and see
the world just like any of you, right?
And now with all the tools at this
command with all the other agents it can
talk to, uh you know, so we're going to
see a huge unlock for many different
application layers. uh after the
multimodal agents what's going to come
after is the video generation and we
believe that you know at the end of the
day it should just be you know pixel in
pixel out u and um you know imagine a
world where you have this infinite
scroll of content in inventory on the X
platform um where not only you can
actually watch these generate videos but
able to intervene create your own
adventures
if you're just going to be
Um, and we expect to be training our
video model with uh over 100,000 GB200s
uh and uh to begin that training within
the next three or four weeks. So, we're
we're confident it's going to be pretty
spectacular in video generation and
video understanding.
So, let's see.
So that's uh
anything anything you guys want to say
other than that? I guess that's it.
Yeah, it's it's a good model, sir.
It's a good
Well, we're very excited for you guys to
try Gro 4.
Yeah. Thank
All right. Thanks everyone.
Thank you. Good night.